Many daemon-based applications provide an option to run in the foreground, such as nginx -g 
'daemon off;' or mysqld --console.

 the first process launched in a container (often specified as the CMD or ENTRYPOINT) 
 runs with PID 1.

 # Good: (exec ensures the actual process replaces the shell)
CMD ["sh", "-c", "exec ./start.sh"]
docker run --init my-container

RUN rm -rf /var/cache/apk/*

Your volumes will be available in the /home/login/data folder of the
host machine using Docker. Of course, you have to replace the login
with yours.

To make things simpler, you have to configure your domain name so it points to your
local IP address.
This domain name must be login.42.fr. Again, you have to use your own login.
For example, if your login is wil, wil.42.fr will redirect to the IP address pointing to
wil’s website

Your NGINX container must be the only entrypoint into your
infrastructure via the port 443 only, using the TLSv1.2 or TLSv1.3
protocol

Debian because
Better compatibility: Uses glibc, which is required by many software libraries
Comes with a more complete Linux environment

 a network is a virtual environment that allows containers to communicate with each other
 Docker deletes all networks that are not in use. This means:

The virtual network configuration is erased.
Any network-specific routing rules inside Docker disappear.
Containers that were using that network (if any) can no longer communicate through it.

"
virtual meeting room:

You create a meeting room (Docker network).
People (containers) can enter and communicate.
If the room is empty and unused, you can delete the room (remove the network).
The people (containers) still exist, but they no longer have that specific meeting space
"
Docker does not remove the default networks:

bridge – The default network for new containers.
host – Binds containers directly to the host network.
none – A special network with no communication

Fast Common Gateway Interface
Faster Performance – Reuses existing processes instead of creating new ones for every request.
✅ Lower Resource Usage – Uses fewer system resources than traditional CGI.
✅ Scalability – Can handle multiple concurrent requests efficiently.
✅ Improved Security – Can run under different users and isolate processes